doc:update download.md for release 1.3.0 (#345)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-doc: content/en/docs/download/download.md

| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HugeGraph-Server    | The main program of HugeGraph                                                      | [1.3.0](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/hugegraph/1.3.0/apache-hugegraph-incubating-1.3.0.tar.gz)([alternate](https://dlcdn.apache.org/incubator/hugegraph/1.3.0/apache-hugegraph-incubating-1.3.0.tar.gz))                     |
| HugeGraph-Toolchain | A collection of tools for graph data import/export/backup, web visualization, etc. | [1.3.0](https://downloads.apache.org/incubator/hugegraph/1.3.0/apache-hugegraph-toolchain-incubating-1.3.0.tar.gz)([alternate](https://dlcdn.apache.org/incubator/hugegraph/1.3.0/apache-hugegraph-toolchain-incubating-1.3.0.tar.gz)) |

> > Note: The version numbers of all components of HugeGraph have been kept consistent, and the version numbers of Maven repositories such as client/loader/hubble/common are the same. You can refer to these for dependency references[maven example](https://github.com/apache/incubator-hugegraph-computer/blob/master/pom.xml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The version numbers of all components of HugeGraph have been kept consistent, and the version numbers of Maven repositories such as client/loader/hubble/common are the same. You can refer to these for dependency references[maven example](https://github.com/apache/incubator-hugegraph-toolchain#maven-dependencies)
```
